in this first short video I want to give
an overview of the ePTW system so I'm
gonna show the permit to work workflow
which is basically the same as on the
paper version as well as how I use that
accounts work so this picture shows the
permit to work workflow which once again
is the same as the paper workflow so as
the subcontractor you are at the three
first steps of our workflow
The application is created by the
subcontractor applicant then he sends it
to the subcontractor EHS who assesses
the application and then to the
subcontractor PM for approval once the
subcon PM approves the permit goes to
the M+W task supervisor for
assessment once they approve it goes to
the M+W Assessor they approve it
goes to the M+W approver for the
final approval
so once the M+W approver approves
the permit the permit is approved and
the applicant is informed about that
along the workflow everybody can also
send the permit back to the applicant
at any time after a permit is approved
we have a daily endorsement so every day
the applicant needs to attach documents
like your JSA like the daily checklists
our permits our weekly permits so they
typically start on the Monday and on a
Sunday we ask you to apply it by
Wednesday for next week's Monday start
date if there's any urgent work so for
instance on the Tuesday suddenly a crane
is coming in in the afternoon where you
need a permit then you apply same way
permit will last from Tuesday to Sunday
so we always end on a Sunday even if you
start on Friday the N tape will be the
Sunday so in the general case your
permit running from Monday to Sunday you
do your daily endorsement every day then
on Sunday once you finish work or your
permit expires
you need to close that permit after you
close the
as the applicant he will send it
automatically to the M+W task
supervisor who will then assess and
finally close off the permit the biggest
difference to the paper system that you
might know is that we have no more
parent permit in the electronic system a
short note on user accounts so as a
subcontractor
we give you three accounts which are
share the cards so we have one applicant
account where all your applicants log in
to the same account in the application
they will state the name same for your
EHS as one EHS account for your company
all the EHS staff can log into that
account and even for the PM's if you
have multiple all of them use the same
shared accounts so that's for the
subcontractor for M + W on the other
hand we have individualized accounts so
each task supervisor, each Assessor (M+WEHS) and each M+W project
manager has his or her own account